Once upon a time not too long before you were born, in a city not too far from where you live, at a college just like any other, there lived a young man named Romeo and a young lady named Juliet who were just as normal as any young adults could be.  Romeo was a strapping youth whose muscular prowess was balanced by a dull mind.  Nevertheless, he fiercely desired his family’s love and acceptance, and coming from a long family line of academics, he found these two objects difficult to acquire.  Juliet was a sight to behold, known for her long, flowing locks of blonde hair.  Unlike Romeo, she was brilliant and enjoyed studying astronomy and biology, but she too found her family hard to please.  Her family consisted mostly of impressive athletes, and her aversion to sports disappointed them.  In fact, her parents were so disappointed, that they locked her in her room and would not allow her out 
unless she promised to join the volleyball squad.Priyanka Maruthi.
Upset by their children’s aversion to follow family traditions, Romeo and Juliet’s parents set out to arrange a date and a bit more between the black sheep of their family, hoping each family’s desired traits would rub off on the two of them. The meeting took place at a coffee shop with a famous green emblem, overpriced beverages, and mind-numbing music, with the hope that one day they could unite their families through the arranged marriage that had been planned.  It was decided that Romeo’s parents would instruct their son to go forth and find a rare flower to present to Juliet as a gift and begin the courtship process.  The flower only grew in the depths of the darkest, creepiest forest on the edge of town, but Romeo, dull as he was, would be unperturbed according to his father.

 
The next day, Romeo’s father told him what to do saying, “If you retrieve that flower and woo Juliet, you will almost be as dear to me as your brother, Remus, who is probably going to graduate magna cum laude from a prestigious university.” Romeo, however, knew of Juliet from a class they had together. He did not like her know-it-all attitude and could never see an athlete like himself ever falling for a nerd like her. Despite this, he obeyed his father, in the hope of impressing him. 

Romeo set off a few days later to pick the aforementioned flower. On his way over, a squirrel jumped out of the trash can near the path and ran off, dropping something from his mouth as he went. Stooping down to see what it was, Romeo saw that it was a page torn from an Italian textbook. Unfortunately for Romeo, he didn’t know Italian and had slept through most of his Spanish classes.  If he had been able to read it, he would have noticed the highlighted warning, “The pretty flower is poisonous.”  Romeo picked the flower and returned home.

On the next day, Romeo approached Juliet’s dorm balcony, where she often used her telescope in search of new galaxies. Carrying the box with the flower, he called out to her, “Julia, let down a basket so I can give you this rare flower.” Juliet was annoyed he had called her the wrong name, but her love of biology led her to let down her backpack to him so she could see the rare flower up close. When she removed the flower from the backpack she inhaled its tantalizing scent and felt its beautiful petals. Romeo, satisfied that he had fulfilled his father’s wishes, headed home.

Juliet soon began to feel weak and very ill. Romeo’s flower, picked with only the most obedient intentions, was actually an extremely poisonous flower that could cause anyone who touched or smelled it to enter a deep coma for a few days. When her parents found her in her room, apparently dead, they lamented their choice to force an arranged marriage on her. Driven by their guilt and insufferable sadness over the loss of their beautiful daughter, Juliet’s parents took too many pills and left this world.
 
When Romeo arrived home, he told them of his deed, and for perhaps the first time in his life, his father shook his hand warmly and congratulated him.  Romeo, too, was overwhelmed with joy.  The happiness, though, was to be short-lived; for the hand, with which Romeo shook his father’s, was the same that picked the fateful flower.  Father, son, and soon mother (who awkwardly high-fived Romeo as well) were thus poisoned.  Romeo’s parents immediately became ill and sank into death-like comas similar to Juliet’s.  Romeo, however, possessed an  athletic build and vigorously fought the illness.  After a brief spell of weakness, he regained his senses to the sight of his apparently dead family.  Wrought with grief, he had them buried immediately in the family plot at the local cemetery. 

 
Foolish Romeo went to Juliet’s after all this, hoping to fulfill his deceased father’s wishes and marry her.  Juliet, who had identified the flower as the cause of her family’s demise, agreed with revenge on her mind.  They were married and from that moment on, Juliet set out to make Romeo’s life as miserable as possible.  They lived unhappily ever after.
